{{{ Emi's idea 

My idea was to have 4 perk slots for every loadout, namely a red perk (weapons), a green perk (Hull), a yellow perk (Kill rewards) and a blue perk (engine)

my proposed ideas for the perks in these categories are as follows

Green:
  -Heavy armor : Health increase
  -Armor plating : % damage reduction from specific sides, for example top and front, top and back, bottom and top, front and back the player would be able to choose this himself
  -Flexible wings : Increases turning speed and reduces speed lost on turning
  -Racer airframe : Higher top speed and stronger throttle speed 
  
Blue:
  -Energy Bank : Higher max energy
  -Reverse thrust : Increases the throttle change rate and allows you to have backwards thrusting.
  - ??? (name?) : slightly more potent afterburn (more energy cost aswell, but in an uneven ratio (3 thrust, 2 energy or something), and when you brake, you gain energy based on how much speed you reduce, this is a significant amount.
  - ???? 
  
Yellow:
  -Ace Instincts : Enables bars, stronger effects (Higher damage, higher energy regain and (slightly) better turning
  -Energy Leech : Killing enemies gives energy boosts.
  - ?? name ? : Enables bars, get rewarded twice the amount of bars for each kill.(may get removed in favor of a nicer idea)
  - ?? name ? : Enables bars, increases max potential bars, the effect of those will be greater than AI (may get removed in favor of a nicer idea)


Planes:

I have alo made a framework as to what the planes will be doing and more or less how, As of right now, i'll be using the same scheme as altitude: Primary fire, secondary fire, and 'item', and afterburn.


It works as follows:

  6 planes total, 2 in each weight class (light, medium and heavy), and each weight class has one plane dedicated to spatial 
    control, which i defined as influencing the flow of the map, what areas your opponents can and cannot go to. The other 
    plane in the weight class is geared towards damaging and killing enemies.
    
    Additionally, the way the space control planes will do their thing i have another general idea for, opposite to altitude
    I'd like to give the most absolute space control to the light planes, namely, knockback and slowing down.
      In this system, the medium space control would use a combination of slow and spam (damage threat space control) 
      and similarly, the heavy plane would use mainly damage threat style control.
      The light plane then takes the absolute control, which gives them no choice, via enforcing the control on their plane 
      (think of the whale knockback in altitude)
      
      Important to note is that the damage threat does not primarily function to kill people, but rather force them away from
      areas, 'force' being giving them a choice: gtfo or die. Think of bomber spam in altitude. The killing oriented is more 
      immediate, giving less choice but instead relying on the skill of the attacker in attacking, and the defender at 
      positioning in such a way to not be vulnerable to the attack.
      
In practice:

    Space controlling planes:
      Light:
      
        weapons: flares that arc over the target and explode on impact or after their timer runs out, they gradually slow 
        down in the air. The secondary fire will slow down your opponent to the speed you have when you shot it.
        the flares can be fired at a rate around twice per second, where the secondary can be fired once per one and a half 
        second. note that while those deal damage, it is mostly negligble (each flare doing around 15-7% of target health)
        
      Medium:
      
        -pending- (no suitable concept yet)
        
      Heavy:
      
        -pending- (conecpt needs more work)
      
    Kill and Damage oriented planes:
    
      Light: 
      
        -pending- (concept needs more work)
        
      Medium:
      
        Weapons: The primary fire has a long range cannon that fires fairly slowly but deals high damage based on distance,
        the further your target is from you but within max range, the more damage it will take. the secondary is not yet 
        complete, needs more discussion
        
      Heavy:
      
        -pending- (no suitable concept yet)
}}}


